Idea

Unit Stats

- Health
- Speed
- Movement
- Attack
- Defense
- Sp. Attack
- Sp. Defense
- Types[]
- Abilities[4]

- Warmachine/40k style game mixed with pokemon
- Lots of customization around building; you get a point total like 40k/warmachine and you can build your units before playing.
- You can modify how many units you get, how much defense, speed, attack, etc., and select abilities. You can also .
- Simultaneous turns where players make choices and they play out
- - Movement Phase
- - - Players move their units without knowledge of where the other players are moving
- - - Players can move their units in any direction
- - - When all players have selected their movement, the movement is played out
- - - It resolves in order of each unit speed, with the fastest units moving first
- - - Moves that would result in a collision are resolved by the unit with the highest speed moving first, then if there's a tie they both move backwards until they are in a valid state
- - Action Phase
- - - Players select their targets and abilities (attacks, heals, special effects, etc.)
- - - Moves all resolve in priority order, with the highest priority moving first. If there's a tie, the unit with the fastest speed goes first. If there is still a tie, both units act at the same time.

- [ ] Build out damage calculation https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Damage#Generation_V_onward
- [ ] Build out type damage calculation https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Type
- [ ] Compile it to wasm32 unknown-unknown
- [ ] Add Godot bindgen
- [ ] If necessary, generate code based on methods. If adding to unreal, use an AOT compiler or even a wasm runtime.
- [ ] Figure out how to make an AI pipeline using chatgpt for generating ideas/transforming things. E.g. converting pokemon types into abilities a unit can take.
- [ ]

## Compiler Roadmap

Compiler Roadmap

- [x] Add in parsing of outputs for compiler
- [x] Add in int types
- [x] Add in uint types
- [x] Add in compiling of code for compiler
- [x] Generate C++
- [x] Add equality and inequality operators == and !=. Support const types and add in & for referencing the other object
- [x] Add in constructors and destructors to allocate and deallocate memory
- [x] Fix dependency ordering issue. E.g. TypeId
- [x] Fix in equality issue with pointers. Need to do `*a == *b` instead of `a == b` I think
- [x] Add in a 'clone' method to clone objects
- [x] Add in a 'copy_to' method to copy objects
- [x] Implement copying of values
- [x] Implement copying for strings
- [x] Implement copying for vectors
- [x] Implement copying of pointer based objects
- [x] Add in copy assignment operator
- [x] Add in copy constructor - need to add call to normal constructor first.
- [x] Output both a hpp and cpp file, split things up.
- [x] Split up hpp and cpp code
- [x] Redo generating class methods. Note: inline must be on implementation if doing it.
- [x] Migrate each class and function to a separate file
- [x] Fix cpp makefile
- [x] Add custom struct functions to data model
- [x] Add generation of custom struct functions to compiler (header and cpp)
- [x] For compilation, if custom definition doesn't exist, generate it. If it does exist, splice it in. Put all autogenerated stuff at the bottom of the file.
- [ ] Add consts to functions for both self and params
- [ ] Add in print operators for classes
- [ ] Add serialization + deserialization from string? Into a lisp like language?
- [ ] Add ability to add custom functions to structs, such as `collides` for aabbs. Make sure that if the definition is modified, it doesn't delete the custom functions. Alternatively output a `definition.gen` file that can be copy/pasta'd by the user. Or even output a list of comments for it.
- [ ] Add ADT support, can then transform them to structs with methods for matching?
- [ ] Add in ability to use Godot and import the CPP code [See this article](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/contributing/development/core_and_modules/custom_modules_in_cpp.html#doc-custom-modules-in-cpp)
- [ ] Determine if I want to do C style C++ or actual C++ and modify compiler
- [ ] Add in sized arrays?
- [ ] Generate JS?
- [ ] Generate Godot GDScript?
